= HEAD OVER TO http://github.com/rohitggarg/jukebox.git

= Old Technique
== README

A basic jukebox application which uses resque for distributing songs across places. We required one in our office setup that's why this repository came into existence.
Its really simple to setup. All you need is redis server and few dependencies like youtube-dl, ffmpeg, afplay/mpg123 based on whether you are using mac/ubuntu and you are all set.

* Ruby version > 2.2

* System dependencies
  - youtube-dl
  - ffmpeg
  - afplay/mpg123
  - espeak (speech command for ubuntu)
  - redis
  - samba(for sharing downloaded files in case you want to run multiple remote players)

* Configuration
  - edit the server-config.yml as per your setup (mostly the production section)
  - add a secret key for admins on <servername> server as JUKEBOX_ADMIN_SECRET=mysupersecurepassword
  - add autopilot=true if you need to autoenqueue songs, else you will have to enqueue them manually using http://jukebox:3000/songs_requests?mysupersecurepassword=true
  - servernames can be ip addresses also, servername must have a accessible redis server running on port 6379

* Database creation
  - RAILS_ENV=production rake db:create db:migrate

* Services
  - for playback on master you need to run resque worker QUEUE=jukebox.local RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake environment resque:work
  - for playback on players you need to run a similar command just the QUEUE=jukebox-player.local
  - you can configure multiple players by using different ip addresses/domain names in the said fashion, a queue will be created for each of them.
  - the rails application needs to start on 3000 port and it should be accessible to the players. Use RAILS_ENV=production rails s -b0.0.0.0

* Deployment instructions
  - Checkout jukebox on all master/player boxes
  - Create a songs folder in the jukebox directory and share that over network. 
  - Mount the same on to every player at the same path

Disclaimer: This software uses youtube.com extensively, please be cognizant while you use, you will be responsible if google decides to block you for too many requests!

This has been coded between lots of noise and during easter time. In case you find issues, contact the owner directly.
Test suite isn't present.
